Two things that are needed to perform computational problem solving:
    A representation;
    An algorithm.

Abstraction in computing:
    
    Intrinsic to computing and computational problem solving.

    The concepts of '1s' and '0s' in digital computing is an abstraction (representing high or low voltage levels, etc)

    Programming language is an abstraction.

    The problems being solved is an abstraction.

Brute force approach:
    Trying all possible solution.
    It is important that only those information that are necessary to the problem solving should be collected.

The importance of algorithm:
    Once an algorithm for a given problem is found, an important problem is: 'Can the Algorithm solve the problem in a reasonable time?'
    (Traveling Salesman problem: it would take 77000 years for only 20 cities if brute force approach is used)

Algorithm:
    An algorithm is a fi nite number of clearly described, unambiguous “doable” steps that can be systematically followed to produce a desired result for given input in a fi nite amount of time.
    It should solve general problems, not specific ones.
    It provides step-by-step methods that a machine can carry out >> Computers are perfect for running algorithms.

Computer hardware:
    
    Input:
        keyboard, mouse

    Output:
        screen, speaker

    Processor:
        CPU, GPU
            Designed to interpret and execute a specific set of instructions in binary form.
        
    Memory:
        RAM
    
    Buses:
        Transfer data between components within a computer.

    In electronic computing, digital values are represented by discrete voltage levels.

    Information theory (Claude Shannon):
        All information can be represented by only two symbols, eg. 0 and 1.

    The transistor;
        An electronic switching component developed in 1947, using semi-conductor (usually silicon).

    Integrated Circuits:
        The building blocks of computer hardware, comprised of millions or even billions of transistors.

    Moore's Law:
        The number of transistors we can put inside a CPU will double per year.

Programming languages:
    
    Syntax:
        A set of characters and the acceptable sequences of those characters.

        Syntax errors:
            The translators cannot understand wrong syntax, so the translation will stop when meeting them.

    Semantics:
        
        The meaning associated with each syntactically correct sequence of characters.
        
        Logic errors:
            Errors occur in program logics. It will cause the program to return false result.

    Two types of programming languages:
        
        Compiler:
            Softwares that translate programs into machine codes to be executed by the CPU.

        Interpreter:
            Softwares that execute programs in place of the CPU.

    Object-oreinted programming:
    
    Procedural programming:
