Drake Equation:
    
    An equation calculating the number of civilizations that may exist in our galaxy and can communicate with us.
    
    Factors:
        R: average rate of star creation peryear
        p: percentage of those stars that have planets
        n: average number of planets that can potentially support life
        f: the percentage of those planets that actually go on to develop life
        i: the percentage of those planets that go on to develop intelligent life
        c: the percentage of those that have the technology to communicate with us
        L: the expected lifetime of civilizations
    
    Equation:
        N = R * p * n * f * i * c * L

Program testing:
    
    Test case:
        A set of input and expected output of a given program.

    Test plan:
        A number of test cases to verify that a program meets all requirements.

    A good strategy is to include 'average', as well as 'extreme' or 'special' cases in a test plan.

Data and Expressions:
    
    Motivation:
        The generation, collection, and analysis of data is a driving force in today's world.

    
    Literals:
        A sequence of one of more characters that stands for it self.

        Numeric literals:
            Numbers including integer and float.
            1e2 means 10 ** 2 (100)

            No commas in numeric literals.
        
            There are limits in both range and precision in float numbers in python from 1e-308 to 1e308, with 16 to 17 digits of precision.
            If the result of calculation is beyond the limit, there is an arithmetic overflow.
            If the result is too small, there is an underflow.

            Built-in format function:
                >>> format(5/7, '.2f')
                    '0.71'
                >>> format(2 ** 100, '.6e)
                    '1.267651e+30'
                >>> format(13402.25, ',.2f')
                    '13,042.25'
        
        String literals:
            A sequence of characters.
            It can contains:
                letters
                numbers
                special characters
                blank
                spaces
            
            Converting between a character and its encoding:
                >>> ord('A')
                    65
                >>> chr(65)
                    'A'
        
        Control letters:
            \n:
                new line
            \t:
                tab (specific number of spaces)
        
        String formatting:
            >>> format('hello', '< 20')    # '20' == '< 20'
                'hello               '
            >>> format('hello', '> 20')
                '               hello'
            >>> format('hello', '^20')
                '       hello        '
    Variables:
        A name (identifier) that is associated with a value. It can be assigned different (various) type of data.

        Type converting functions:
            str()
            int()
            float()
            list()
            dict()
